
file			Function			Description	
------------------	------------------		------------------
main.cpp		main				main function
classInFt.h		measurement			measurement class specification
InFoot.cpp		measurement methods		measurement class
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

The program will show you the setters and getters and the overloaded operators. This program will also convert inches to feet and vice versa. 

The first input required is feet or inches. You are able to use any form of these measurements. i.e inch, inches, in, and foot, feet, ft.
The second input required is some form of numeric number. Can be whole numbers or decimals, but cannot be a negative number.

The outputs will be the getters of measurement 1, the setters for measurements 2 and 3, setting the values of 4 and 5, the relationship between 4 and 5, the overloaded assignment, and the copy constructor. These will be produced on screen. 

At first I didn't understand the difference between the overloaded assignment and the copy constructor because when I did just the overloaded assignment it worked for both for some reason. After I continued to work with both, I understood how and why they are different and that both are needed.

I tested my program with someone who has no knowledge of programming to see if the prompts and the wording is clear. They noticed a few spelling errors and a few wonky layouts that I was able to fix immediately afterwards that I probably wouldn't have noticed myself. 

One of the bugs I encountered and is still in the program is that if you don't enter a number in the prompt you will get an infinite loop. I spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to fix it, however I was unable to do so. I have another file saved that shows how I was trying to fix it if you would like to see that later. 
-Update on this, I had a little bit of time and was able to somewhat fix this bug. It doesn't have an infinite loop anymore if you don't type a number, but there is still some issues with it. The issue I mentioned is that if you accidentally type two decimals, it doesn't make you re-enter it. The same goes for if a letter or non number is entered. I thought I had a fix for this but it did not work how I wanted it to.
